Add description for multi app/multi bundleID case (#317)
sinch/docs: docs/voice/voice-for-ios/voice-ios-push-notifications-callkit.md

> ⚠
> Note that both iOS apps should be signed using either *Apple Development Certificate* or *iOS Distribution Certificate*. Chosen certificates must match the ANPS environment setting provided to Sinch SDK when `SINManagedPush` is created. If you sign using *Apple Development Certificate*, please provide `SINAPSEnvironmentDevelopment`. If you sign using *iOS Distribution Certificate*, please provide `SINAPSEnvironmentProduction`.

#### Multiple Sinch Applications, multiple iOS app (different Bundle ID)

Suppose that we have two Sinch Apps (in Sinch Portal), App-A and App-B and two iOS apps with BindleID1 and BindleID2. Each iOS app uses its own Sinch App. Suppose iOS app with BindleID1 is built with the App-A application key and iOS app with BindleID2 is built with App-B application key.

> If you want to make a call (and receive VoIP background pushes) from the iOS app with BindleID1 to iOS app with BindleID2 you need to need to generate VoIP certificate for the BindleID2 and upload it to Sinch Portal for the caller APP, which is App-A in our example. And wise versa, if you want iOS app with BindleID2 to call to iOS app with BindleID1 you need to generate VoIP certificate for BindleID1 and upload to Sinch Portal for the caller App, which is App-B.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to make a call (and receive VoIP background pushes) from one iOS app to the other, you have to generate VoIP certificate for the *callee* app BundleID and upload it to to Sinch portal for the *caller* app, i.e.:

- if you want to make calls from the iOS app with BundleID1 to iOS app with BundleID2 you need to generate VoIP certificate for the BundleID2 and upload it to Sinch Portal for App-A
- if you want to make calls from the iOS app with BundleID2 to iOS app with BundleID1 you need to generate VoIP certificate for BundleID1 and upload to Sinch Portal for App-B.

```

> ⚠

> > Note that both iOS apps should be signed using either *Apple Development Certificate* or *iOS Distribution Certificate*. Chosen certificates must match the ANPS environment setting provided to Sinch SDK when `SINManagedPush` is created. If you sign using *Apple Development Certificate*, please provide `SINAPSEnvironmentDevelopment`. If you sign using *iOS Distribution Certificate*, please provide `SINAPSEnvironmentProduction`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note that both iOS apps should be signed using either *Apple Development Certificate* or *iOS Distribution Certificate*. Chosen certificates must match the APNS environment setting provided to Sinch SDK when `SINManagedPush` is created. If you sign using *Apple Development Certificate*, please provide `SINAPSEnvironmentDevelopment`. If you sign using *iOS Distribution Certificate*, please provide `SINAPSEnvironmentProduction`.
```
